README.md, before:

# A Linux Program Launcher
This is a Program Launcher written in Rust.
For the moment it uses multiple different UI toolkits, namely:
- [x] egui 
- [ ] iced
# Why multiple UI toolkits?
I started using egui for this, which is a great toolkit, but it has some limitations. So I thought I'd try some other toolkits. This I think is a reasonably simple UI, but with some quirks (like the keyboard scrolling) which I can use to compare ease of use and feature sets.
# Why another program launcher?
There are several reasons I wanted a new program launcher:
## 1. Wayland **and** X11 compatibility
Most good program launchers like Rofi, Fuzzel etc. only support either X11 or wayland. Since I still sometimes switch between X11 and Wayland I wanted a launcher, that ran on both systems
## 2. Wayland clones don't always work
There are some cool projects like Wofi that aim to port X11 programs to Wayland. However I found at least Wofi to have some bugs with my window setup.
## 3. I wanted a project that can be reasonably finished
I tend to take on huge projects which never end. I saw this as a comparatively simple project.
# Configuration
Configuration is now found in $HOME/.config/aphorme/config.toml
## gui_cfg
Options for the gui.
### icons: boolean
Enable or disable icon loading.

# Known issues
## Slow startup time
Due to synchronous file loading the startup times are very slow. This can be fixed by either asynchronously loading icons, using a faster method of icon discovery (the library I am using seems to has to execute gsettings every time, which is very slow)
## Scrolling is somewhat weird (and the scroll bar is visible) in egui
The egui ScrollArea does not allow for movement using the arrow keys. This means I had to implement that myself. The method I chose (just remembering the index) does however overwrite the scrolling using the mousewheel/touchpad gestures etc. This means I had to implement the scrolling with the scrollwheel myself, which 'fights' against the default scrolling. This causes minor visual glitches but so far no actual bugs

Commit message:

Changed icon default to enabled and updated README

README.md, after:

# Changes
## 0.1.3 
### Features
- A config file was added (see Configuration). At the moment only icon loading is configured here.
### Fixes
- Launcher is forced into floating mode on tiling window managers to work like rofi etc.

## 0.1.4 
### Fixes
- Changed the default for icons. Previously they were disabled by default now the default is enabled.
If you want to change that see the Configuration part in this README
# A Linux Program Launcher
This is a Program Launcher written in Rust.
For the moment it uses multiple different UI toolkits, namely:
- [x] egui 
- [ ] iced
# Why multiple UI toolkits?
I started using egui for this, which is a great toolkit, but it has some limitations. So I thought I'd try some other toolkits. This I think is a reasonably simple UI, but with some quirks (like the keyboard scrolling) which I can use to compare ease of use and feature sets.
# Why another program launcher?
There are several reasons I wanted a new program launcher:
## 1. Wayland **and** X11 compatibility
Most good program launchers like Rofi, Fuzzel etc. only support either X11 or wayland. Since I still sometimes switch between X11 and Wayland I wanted a launcher, that ran on both systems
## 2. Wayland clones don't always work
There are some cool projects like Wofi that aim to port X11 programs to Wayland. However I found at least Wofi to have some bugs with my window setup.
## 3. I wanted a project that can be reasonably finished
I tend to take on huge projects which never end. I saw this as a comparatively simple project.
# Configuration
Configuration is now found in $HOME/.config/aphorme/config.toml
## gui_cfg
Options for the gui.
### icons: boolean
Enable or disable icon loading.

# Known issues
## Slow startup time
Due to synchronous file loading the startup times are very slow. This can be fixed by either asynchronously loading icons, using a faster method of icon discovery (the library I am using seems to has to execute gsettings every time, which is very slow)
## Scrolling is somewhat weird (and the scroll bar is visible) in egui
The egui ScrollArea does not allow for movement using the arrow keys. This means I had to implement that myself. The method I chose (just remembering the index) does however overwrite the scrolling using the mousewheel/touchpad gestures etc. This means I had to implement the scrolling with the scrollwheel myself, which 'fights' against the default scrolling. This causes minor visual glitches but so far no actual bugs
